1. Attach this file -- math.js -- to the index.html file using a <script> tag

2. Add an alert to announce the program with a message like "Let's do some math!"

3. Create a variable and use the prompt() method to collect a number from a visitor

4. Convert that value from a string to a floating point number

5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 to create a second variable and collect a second number

6. Create a new variable -- message -- which you'll use to build
   a complete message to print to the document
   Start by creating a string that includes <h1> tags as well
   and the two input numbers. The string should look something like this:
   "<h1>Math  with the numbers 3 and 4</h1>" where the two numbers are
   the values input from the user. Use string concatenation to create this
   and make sure you actually perform the math on the values by 
   using the + symbol to add their values together

7. Add another string to the message variable. 
   The string should look something like this after concatenation:
   "3 + 4 = 7"

8. Add a linebreak tag -- <br> -- to the message variable

9. Continue to add to the message variable to include strings
   demonstrating multiplication, division and subtraction
   For example:
   "3 * 4 = 12"
   "3 / 4 = 0.75"
   "3 - 4 = -1"

10. Use the document.write() method to print the message variable 
    to the web page. Open the finished.png file in this workspace
    to see what the completed output should look like



Edit the math.js file to accomplish these 4 goals: 

1. Move all of your variable declarations to the top of the script.

2. Add an if statement to test that the 2nd input is not zero. You can't divide by 0,
   so notify the user with an alert, that they need to reload and try again. 
   Here's one possible alert message:
   ""The second number is 0. You can't divide by zero. Reload and try again."
   
3. Check to see if the first OR second input are numbers.
   Use JavaScript's isNaN() method to check. See the
   Teacher's Notes for information on this method. If one is NOT a number
   then send an alert message. For example:
   "At least one of the values you typed is not a number. Reload and try again."
   
4. Don't build the message variable, or write the message to the doc, if
   either case 2 or 3 above fails. 

